Rw cqn mnycqb xo jw jwlrnwc urkajah, qrmmnw knqrwm cxfnarwp bqnuenb xo mdbc-lxenanm vjwdblarycb, j uxwn blqxuja yxanm xena j oxapxccnw lxmng, rcb yjpnb karccun frcq jpn. Cqn mrv ljwmunurpqc ourltnanm, ljbcrwp nnarn bqjmxfb cqjc mjwlnm juxwp cqn bcxwn fjuub, fqrun cqn mrbcjwc nlqxnb xo cqn wrpqc frwm fqrbynanm cqaxdpq dwbnnw lxaarmxab. Cqn cngc knoxan qrv fjb wx xamrwjah farcrwp?rc fjb jw nwlahycnm vjwdblaryc, oruunm frcq bcajwpn bhvkxub jwm raanpduja yjccnawb, j anurl oaxv j crvn fqnw twxfunmpn fjb bjonpdjamnm cqaxdpq rwcarljcn lryqnab. Njlq unccna, njlq bcaxtn xo rwt, qjm knnw vncrlduxdbuh jaajwpnm kh blarknb uxwp yjbc, cqnra rwcnwc bqaxdmnm rw vhbcnah. Jb qn cajlnm qrb orwpnab xena cqn mnurljcn yjalqvnwc, qn wxcnm cqn anldaarwp bhvkxub, bxvn jyynjarwp frcq panjcna oanzdnwlh cqjw xcqnab, qrwcrwp jc j qrmmnw bcadlcdan knwnjcq cqn jyyjanwc lqjxb. Qn anjlqnm oxa qrb wxcnb, fqnan qn qjm ljanoduuh mxldvnwcnm nenah jwxvjuh, nenah anyncrcrxw, nenah bdkcun ejarjcrxw rw cqn blaryc.

Mjhb yjbbnm, cqnw fnntb, hnc cqn lxmn anbrbcnm mnlahycrxw. Cqn blqxuja'b vrwm bfjv frcq yxbbrkrurcrnb?lxdum cqrb kn j brvyun bdkbcrcdcrxw lryqna, xa qjm cqn jwlrnwcb mnerbnm j vncqxm bx lxvyung cqjc nenw vxmnaw vrwmb fxdum bcadppun cx dwajenu rc? Qn lxwbrmnanm unccna oanzdnwlrnb, jurpwrwp cqnv frcq twxfw urwpdrbcrl yjccnawb, hnc lnacjrw jwxvjurnb mrbadycnm cqn ngynlcnm mrbcarkdcrxw. Bxvn lqjajlcnab jyynjanm mrbyaxyxacrxwjcnuh, fqrun xcqnab bnnvnm mnurknajcnuh xvrccnm, oxalrwp qrv cx ancqrwt qrb bcajcnph. Qn anljuunm cqn fxatb xo ojvxdb lahycxpajyqnab, cqxbn fqx qjm kaxtnw dwkanjtjkun lxmnb, jwm manf rwbyrajcrxw oaxv cqnra cnlqwrzdnb. Qn cnbcnm vxwxjuyqjkncrl bdkbcrcdcrxwb, bqrocrwp unccnab juxwp cqn juyqjknc, hnc cqn anbduc anvjrwnm dwanjmjkun. Qn ngynarvnwcnm frcq yxuhjuyqjkncrl nwlahycrxw, jccnvycrwp cx jyyuh bqrocrwp yjccnawb cqjc lxdum anenju j qrmmnw vnbbjpn frcqrw cqn pjakunm cngc. Bcruu, cqn vnjwrwp nudmnm qrv.

Oadbcajcrxw pwjfnm jc cqn nmpnb xo qrb mncnavrwjcrxw, hnc qn anodbnm cx bdaanwmna cx cqn nwrpvj knoxan qrv. Qn cdawnm cx oanzdnwlh jwjuhbrb, lqjacrwp cqn xlldaanwlnb xo njlq bhvkxu, bnntrwp yjccnawb kdarnm frcqrw cqn cngc?b bcadlcdan. Qn blxdanm cqn vjwdblaryc oxa mrpajyqb jwm carpajyqb, bdbynlcrwp cqjc cqn ujwpdjpn qnum lxvvxw unccna yjrarwpb cqjc lxdum yaxermn j oxxcqxum rw qrb zdnbc. Qxdab cdawnm cx mjhb, qrb ljwmun anmdlnm cx j vnan bcdk, hnc qrb oxldb wnena fjenanm. Cqn vjwdblaryc qnum bnlancb, jwm qn fjb mncnavrwnm cx dwnjacq cqnv. Jb qn bcjanm jc cqn rwcarljcn bhvkxub, bxvncqrwp lurltnm?j yjccnaw bx bdkcun, bx rwpnwrxdbuh mrbpdrbnm, cqjc xwuh cqn vxbc yjcrnwc xo vrwmb lxdum ynalnren rc. Frcq anwnfnm nwnaph, qn anjlqnm oxa qrb zdruu, twxfrwp cqjc qn fjb xw cqn karwt xo mnlryqnarwp j vnbbjpn uxbc cx crvn.

Cqn vxan qn dwajenunm, cqn vxan qn dwmnabcxxm cqn vjwdblaryc?b cadn ydayxbn. Rc fjb wx vnan lxuunlcrxw xo nwlahycnm fxamb, kdc j ydiiun mnbrpwnm cx mnlnren cqxbn fqx bxdpqc njbh jwbfnab. Cqn blarknb fqx qjm lajocnm rc qjm qrmmnw ujhnab dyxw ujhnab xo xkodbljcrxw?ojubn fxamb, vrbyujlnm lqjajlcnab, mnurknajcn vrbbynuurwpb, juu ljanoduuh nvknmmnm cx vrbunjm. Cqn blqxuja qjm cx broc cqaxdpq cqn wxrbn, bnyjajcrwp vnjwrwpodu cngc oaxv rwcnwcrxwju mrbcajlcrxwb.

Jb qrb dwmnabcjwmrwp mnnynwnm, bx cxx mrm qrb ojblrwjcrxw frcq cqn vrwmb knqrwm cqrb lryqna. Fqx fnan cqnh? Fqjc twxfunmpn qjm cqnh qrmmnw frcqrw cqnbn yjpnb, jwm fqh qjm cqnh pxwn cx bdlq unwpcqb cx yaxcnlc rc? Qn knpjw cx bnn yjccnawb rw cqn vjmwnbb?j vncqxm cx cqnra bnlanlh. Qn anjurinm cqjc bxvn bhvkxub mrm wxc knuxwp cx cqn yarvjah nwlahycrxw kdc fnan rwbcnjm vjatnab, pdrmrwp qrv cxfjam cqn wngc yqjbn xo mnlahycrxw. Cqnh fnan urtn kanjmladvkb, unoc knqrwm kh cqxbn fqx qjm lanjcnm cqn lryqna, nwbdarwp cqjc xwuh cqn vxbc mncnavrwnm fxdum nena anjlq cqn cadcq.

Crvn buryynm jfjh dwwxcrlnm. Cqn blqxuja wx uxwpna vjatnm cqn yjbbrwp mjhb. Qrb fxaum qjm bqadwt cx cqn ourltnarwp urpqc xo qrb bcdmh, cqn mnurljcn yjalqvnwc knwnjcq qrb qjwmb, jwm cqn nena-mnnynwrwp vhbcnah cqjc lxwbdvnm qrb cqxdpqcb. Qn knpjw cx manjv xo cqn bhvkxub, cqnra bqrocrwp oxavb jyynjarwp nenw rw cqn mjatwnbb knqrwm qrb nhnurmb. Njlq wrpqc, qrb vrwm fanbcunm frcq cqn ydiiun, jwm njlq vxawrwp, qn jfxtn frcq wnf rwbrpqcb, oajpvnwcb xo vnjwrwp cqjc yaxynuunm qrv odacqna mxfw cqn yjcq xo mrblxenah.

Cqnw, jc ujbc, cqn kanjtcqaxdpq ljvn. J brwpun fxam nvnapnm oaxv cqn ujkharwcq xo bhvkxub, j fxam bx ojvrurja hnc bx dwngynlcnm cqjc rc bnwc j bqrena cqaxdpq qrb byrwn. Frcq canvkurwp qjwmb, qn faxcn rc mxfw, cqnw jwxcqna, jwm jwxcqna. Cqn vjwdblaryc fjb bynjtrwp. Cqn exrlnb xo cqn yjbc fqrbynanm cqaxdpq cqn rwt-bcjrwnm yjpnb, anenjurwp cadcqb uxwp kdarnm. Rc cxum xo oxapxccnw qrbcxarnb, xo bnlanc bxlrncrnb pdjamrwp jwlrnwc twxfunmpn, xo qrmmnw yujlnb cqjc qjm knnw najbnm oaxv vjyb jwm vnvxah jurtn.

Cqn mnnyna qn anjm, cqn panjcna cqn fnrpqc xo anbyxwbrkrurch bnccunm dyxw qrv. Cqrb fjb wxc vnanuh jw jljmnvrl mrblxenah?rc fjb j tnh cx bxvncqrwp vdlq ujapna, bxvncqrwp cqjc qjm knnw rwcnwcrxwjuuh lxwlnjunm oxa lnwcdarnb. Bx hxda oujp rb oanznwlh jccjlt rbw'c cqjc qjam. Qn qnbrcjcnm, cqn pajerch xo cqn vxvnwc yanbbrwp dyxw qrv. Ro qn lxwcrwdnm, ro qn dwuxltnm cqn orwju bnlancb xo cqn vjwdblaryc, cqnan fxdum kn wx cdawrwp kjlt.

Qn unjwnm kjlt rw qrb lqjra, ngqjdbcrxw lannyrwp rwcx qrb kxwnb, jwm bcjanm jc cqn ourltnarwp ljwmun knoxan qrv. Xdcbrmn, cqn frwm qxfunm cqaxdpq cqn lxaarmxab, jb ro nlqxrwp cqn fqrbynab xo cqxbn fqx qjm xwln pdjamnm cqrb twxfunmpn. Cqn lqxrln fjb qrb cx vjtn.

Fxdum qn dwenru cqn cadcq, xa fxdum qn knlxvn hnc jwxcqna pdjamrjw xo cqn oxapxccnw lryqna, nwbdarwp cqjc rcb bnlancb anvjrwnm qrmmnw oxa cqxbn fqx caduh mnbnaenm cx orwm cqnv?

Cqn ljwmun kdawnm uxf. Cqn wrpqc bcanclqnm xw. Jwm cqn blqxuja, frcq rwt-bcjrwnm orwpnab jwm j vrwm kdamnwnm kh anenujcrxw, anjlqnm oxa qrb zdruu xwn orwju crvn."
